mainly headed to Kagura buoyed by the
re-signing of Dali cherry Evans and with
talent like Tony Williams Glen Stewart
and Steve Matt I sitting in the stands
they certainly needed something special
from their talented number seven the
Dragons were fresh from casting aside
the West Tigers and they carried that
slashing form over in the Burley shape
of a key forward
Jason Nightingale needed to take a leaf
out of the big fellas book when it came
to the subtle art of finding the stripe
however the energetic Kiwi winger
managed to find himself in the frame
once more before the first half had run
out of steam total lofted Parcells the
better Bauhaus in Holmby
he's on kik it's still there Nightingale
picks it up the video was put to almost
exhausted use in a bid to determine
where the nightingales pick up was clean
and his progress hadn't been halted but
eventually he was favored with benefit
of the doubt then Jamie soured put his
own cherry on top
Howard went from slotting him through
the sticks to sweating on manly scraps
as the premiers desperately tried to get
on the board before the break he flings
it back to cherry
try
the dragons weren't too happy with that
call which would have sent them to the
sheds ahead 18 nil so they had to make
do with an advantage of just two
converted tries the home side surplus
was slashed four minutes into the second
stanza thanks to the deception of Brett
Stewart Wollongong products Stewart was
looking dangerous as he continued to
inject himself into the manly backline
not so dangerous was this little spat
between soured and David Williams
WrestleMania has broken out the
under-strength seagulls had put up a
brave struggle until Saints snuck one in
behind their front line to seal their
face
salad finished the assignment off with
his signature tune that premieres of
2010 down the current title holders by
seventeen six in a high-quality affair
consigning manly to their second defeat
in five days while giving their own
stocks a healthy boost David Roland's
Big Pun sport